awake awake put on your strength o Zion
awake awake put on your strength o Zion put on your beautiful garments Oh
put on your beautiful garments Oh
put on your beautiful garments Oh Jerusalem the holy city for the
Jerusalem the holy city for the
Jerusalem the holy city for the uncircumcised and the unclean shall no
uncircumcised and the unclean shall no
uncircumcised and the unclean shall no longer come to you shake yourself from
longer come to you shake yourself from
longer come to you shake yourself from the dust arise
the dust arise
the dust arise sit down o Jerusalem loose yourself from
sit down o Jerusalem loose yourself from
sit down o Jerusalem loose yourself from the bonds of your neck o captive
the bonds of your neck o captive
the bonds of your neck o captive daughter of Zion for thus says the Lord
daughter of Zion for thus says the Lord
daughter of Zion for thus says the Lord you have sold yourselves for nothing and
you have sold yourselves for nothing and
you have sold yourselves for nothing and you shall be redeemed without money
you shall be redeemed without money
you shall be redeemed without money my people went down at first into Egypt
my people went down at first into Egypt
my people went down at first into Egypt to dwell there then the Assyrian
to dwell there then the Assyrian
to dwell there then the Assyrian oppressed them without cause now
oppressed them without cause now
oppressed them without cause now therefore what have I here that my
therefore what have I here that my
therefore what have I here that my people are taken away for nothing those
people are taken away for nothing those
people are taken away for nothing those who rule over them make them wail and my
who rule over them make them wail and my
who rule over them make them wail and my name is blaspheme continually every day
name is blaspheme continually every day
name is blaspheme continually every day therefore my people shall know my name
therefore my people shall know my name
therefore my people shall know my name therefore they shall know in that day
therefore they shall know in that day
therefore they shall know in that day that I am he who speaks behold
that I am he who speaks behold
that I am he who speaks behold it is I how beautiful upon the mountains
it is I how beautiful upon the mountains
it is I how beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news
are the feet of him who brings good news
are the feet of him who brings good news who proclaims peace who brings glad
who proclaims peace who brings glad
who proclaims peace who brings glad tidings of good things who proclaims
tidings of good things who proclaims
tidings of good things who proclaims salvation who says to Zion your God
salvation who says to Zion your God
salvation who says to Zion your God reigns your Watchmen shall lift up their
reigns your Watchmen shall lift up their
reigns your Watchmen shall lift up their voices with their voices they shall sing
voices with their voices they shall sing
voices with their voices they shall sing together for they shall see eye to eye
together for they shall see eye to eye
together for they shall see eye to eye when the Lord brings back tsiyon break
when the Lord brings back tsiyon break
when the Lord brings back tsiyon break forth into joy sing together you waste
forth into joy sing together you waste
forth into joy sing together you waste places of Jerusalem for the Lord has
places of Jerusalem for the Lord has
places of Jerusalem for the Lord has comforted his people he has redeemed
comforted his people he has redeemed
comforted his people he has redeemed Jerusalem the Lord has made bare his
Jerusalem the Lord has made bare his
Jerusalem the Lord has made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations
holy arm in the eyes of all the nations
holy arm in the eyes of all the nations and all the ends of the earth shall see
and all the ends of the earth shall see
and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God depart depart
the salvation of our God depart depart
the salvation of our God depart depart go out from there touch no unclean thing
go out from there touch no unclean thing
go out from there touch no unclean thing go out from the midst of her be clean
go out from the midst of her be clean
go out from the midst of her be clean you who bare the vessels of the Lord for
you who bare the vessels of the Lord for
you who bare the vessels of the Lord for you shall not go out with haste nor go
you shall not go out with haste nor go
you shall not go out with haste nor go by flight for the Lord will go before
by flight for the Lord will go before
by flight for the Lord will go before you and the God of Israel will be your
you and the God of Israel will be your
you and the God of Israel will be your rear guard behold my servant shall deal
rear guard behold my servant shall deal
rear guard behold my servant shall deal prudently he shall be exalted and
prudently he shall be exalted and
prudently he shall be exalted and extolled and be very high just as many
extolled and be very high just as many
extolled and be very high just as many were astonished at you so his visit was
were astonished at you so his visit was
were astonished at you so his visit was marred more than any man
marred more than any man
marred more than any man and his form more than the sons of men
and his form more than the sons of men
and his form more than the sons of men so shall he sprinkle many nations Kings
so shall he sprinkle many nations Kings
so shall he sprinkle many nations Kings shall shut their mouths at him for what
shall shut their mouths at him for what
shall shut their mouths at him for what had not been told them they shall see
had not been told them they shall see
had not been told them they shall see and what they had not heard they shall
and what they had not heard they shall
and what they had not heard they shall consider